An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that Barack Obama's birth certificate is a fraud In many respects, you know, they honor President Obama. He's the founder of ISIS. He's the founder of ISIS. He's the founder. He founded ISIS. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although, the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know. The people of Crimea, from what I've heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign! Today, Iraq is Harvard for terrorism. Saddam was a bad guy -- really bad guy. But you know what he did well? He killed terrorists. He did that so good That could be a Mexican plane up there -- they're getting ready to attack Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart! I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry Pregnancy is a wonderful thing for the woman, it's a wonderful thing for the husband, it's certainly an inconvenience for a business. My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose. You know the funny thing? I don't get along with rich people. I have an attention span that's as long as it has to be. Private jets cost a lot of money. Bing bing, bong bong bong, bing bing. No, I meant Obama is the founder of ISIS, I do. He was the most valuable player. I give him the most valuable player award. I give her, too, by the way, Hillary Clinton. Do you mind if I sit back a little? Because your breath is very bad. Why can't we use nuclear weapons? I think I've made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I've had tremendous success. I think I've done a lot. Putin is not going into Ukraine, OK, just so you understand. He's not gonna go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down. You can put it down. I was gonna hit one guy in particular, a very little guy. I was gonna hit this guy so hard his head would spin and he wouldn't know what the hell happened I've been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters I love the poorly educated. I've had a beautiful, I've had a flawless campaign. You'll be writing books about this campaign. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured. You know what I hate? There's a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches, we're not allowed punch back anymore. ... I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell ya. If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously.  There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations. They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down. You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her wherever. I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. You know, it really doesn`t matter what the media write as long as you`ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass. If Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she would get 5% of the vote. And the beautiful thing is women don't like her When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're sending people that have lots of problems...they're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapists. Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! We're gonna have businesses that used to be in New Hampshire, that are now in Mexico, come back to New Hampshire, and you can tell them to go fuck themselves. I'd like to use really foul language. I won't do it. I was going to say they're really full of s**t, but I won't say that. The LGBT community, the gay community, the lesbian community -- they are so much in favor of what I've been saying over the last three or four days. Can you imagine that, the face of our next president? I mean, she's a woman, and I'm not supposed to say bad things, but really, folks, come on. Are we serious? I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful The beauty of me is that I'm very rich. I like kids. I mean, I won't do anything to take care of them. I'll supply funds, and she'll take care of the kids. I have a great relationship with the blacks. If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America. I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I don't think I've made mistakes. Every time somebody said I made a mistake, they do the polls and my numbers go up, so I guess I haven't made any mistakes.Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it and the U.S. is really my home! Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on  at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc. Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great! For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS! Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost! Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race! Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime! Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all! Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all! Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember! The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame! Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic! Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great! Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.. can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong, we love you! Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years! Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before! The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop! Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough! Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever). My thoughts and prayers are with the  and their loved ones. We are with you! I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan. Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at  even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition! Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp; we will heal, &amp; be stronger than ever before! I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one! Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen! Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on  The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry! Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong! Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border! Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it! If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time! I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess! The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.. James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me? The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened! If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate! General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC! Nick Adams, "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever." Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy! I have spoken w/  of Texas and  Edwards. Closely monitoring  developments &amp; here to assist as needed. Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE! Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds! Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe! At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help! I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe! . - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before  So far, so good! Closely monitoring  from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together! Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall. Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued. I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety. I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S! Wow - Now experts are calling  a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well! With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate? Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on  Even experts have said they've never seen one like this! Major rescue operations underway! HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks! Leaving now for Texas! .   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government.  The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer! After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas! After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is  Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was overand so much more. A rigged system! General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to.. get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST! Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow! Stock Market up 5 months in a row! I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House. The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination! Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)! North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.. ..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing! I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you. The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea. Big week coming up! Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA! I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States. I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue! Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary! Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic! Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe!  For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action! We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for  Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready! Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard! Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will. never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish! Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry! Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others). Thank you very much. Thank you. Wow. You know, I asked how many people would be here tonight. They said a couple of hundred. It was just like a little fundraiser. They didn’t say you broke — 23 years, you broke the all-time record tonight — $30. million. And broke it by $10 million — that’s not so close. So, congratulations. We’re going to have a great eight years together. And Rasmussen just came out with a very good poll — you’ll be liking this poll. This poll is good. We’re going to do a good job. More importantly, we’re going to do a great job, and then we’re going to win it the old-fashioned way — we’re just going to win it. And I want to thank everybody. This is a lot more than 200 people. This is a hell of a big room. That’s far back. Can you see over there?  See, I would have gotten rid of these columns, actually. That’s being a construction man. But that was a long time ago, they didn’t do that. Well, it’s an honor to address you tonight, and thank each and every one of you for your role in helping to build, sustain and grow a truly strong Republican Party again. In this effort, we will be working hand-in-hand with our House leadership team — and I’ve really gotten to know them and they are winners and they are terrific people — terrific people. Speaker Paul Ryan, Leader Kevin McCarthy, Majority Whip Steve Scalise, and Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers. What a group, great group. Also with us tonight — a man who I have a lot respect for, gave me a very early endorsement — former Vice President Dick Cheney, along with his daughter, Congressman Liz Cheney. Where is he?  Thank you, Dick. Thank you. Thank you, Liz. I also want to thank the Chairman of the Republican Congressional — I mean, look, what a group — Committee. Where is Steve?  Where is he?  They lost him backstage. Steve Stivers — where is he?  Steve, what the hell happened?  I think he left. Everyone is looking — it’s the second time he’s been introduced. Steve, are you there?  Oh. Come here, Steve. What a job you did. Come here, Steve. He’s embarrassed. Come here, come on, get up here, Steve. Come here. That’s what I like. See, that’s a real worker. Oh, boy — no talk, all action, right?  We like people like that. Congratulations to Steve. And March Dinner Chairman, Steve Womack, and the NRCC Finance Chair, Ann Wagner — thank you. Thank you, Ann. The work of the NRCC never ends. In fact, we have four special elections currently underway in Georgia — we won — Montana — we won — Kansas — we won — and South Carolina. We love South Carolina. That’s some group. Where’s South Carolina?  Oh, we love South Carolina. Remember I was supposed to lose that one big and we won by 21 points. And that’s when I found out these polls are rigged. They were rigged. Thank you, South Carolina. I learned a lot from South Carolina. Our nominees from Montana and Kansas are here with us this evening — Greg Gianforte and Ron Estes. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. On November 8th, the American People voted for historic change — and they also voted for serious action. By delivering the House, the Senate and the White House, the American people gave us clear instructions:  It’s time to get busy, get to work, and to get the job done. That legislative effort begins with Thursday’s crucial vote — and it really is a crucial vote for the Republican Party and for the people of our country — to finally repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It’s what it is, a disaster. Premiums have soared double digits and even triple digits. Insurance companies are fleeing. One-third of counties only have one Obamacare insurer left. I was in Tennessee four nights ago — they’ve lost half the state. The insurance companies are gone and they’re going to lose the next one pretty soon from what they say. And last night in Kentucky, we had a tremendous crowd — 25,000 people, more — and a similar crowd in Tennessee, by the way — packed, with thousands of people outside. They couldn’t get them into these massive arenas — there’s something going on that’s really incredible in this country. It’s really incredible. But Kentucky also is having a tremendous problem, as you know and as you’ve read, with Obamacare. And many other states. The House bill ends the Obamacare nightmare and gives healthcare decisions back to the states — and back to the American people. These are the conservative solutions we campaigned on, and these are the conservative solutions the American people asked us as a group to deliver. We are keeping our promises. I go to these arenas, and they have signs all over the place — He’s kept his promise. He’s kept his promise. Because I’ve done a lot of work. The border is in the best shape it’s been in in decades. Down 61 percent since inauguration. General Kelly — you know, they used to put political people — I refuse to say political hacks because I would not say that. Because there is no such thing as a political hack. But they would put nice political people at the border. I put General Kelly — recommended by General “Mad Dog” Mattis. I said to him, General — General Mattis — I said, General, I need somebody really smart and really tough for the border. Sir, I have the man — General Kelly. Soon as I saw him it was like — an interview lasted for about 30 seconds — I said, he’s the right guy. And he’s been great. And General Mattis has been great — you see what’s going on. Big difference. It’s been 60 days since my inauguration, and that was a promise that I’ve really kept. As you saw today in the Senate, I nominated a Supreme Court justice who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States. I’ve taken historic action to eliminate unnecessary, job-killing regulations. And we’ve just started on that one. But we’ve gotten rid of a lot of them. That includes eliminating regulations crushing our coal industry. We’re going to put our great coal miners back to work. Clean coal. Clean coal. I’ve cleared the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines — and added a requirement that American pipelines be constructed with American steel. That was the last minute. I said, where are we getting the steel?  I won’t tell you where, but you can guess. I said, from now on we have to go — we have to build them here. You want to put pipelines under our land you’re going to make the pipe in this country. And one other thing happened. I have to tell you, it’s sort of interesting. So I get a call from the ex-president of Goldman Sachs who now works for — Gary Cohn. I said to him, Gary, let me ask you — I heard there was a lawsuit. I hear the pipeline company is suing us. I said, how much?  $14 billion. I said, wait a minute. I’m approving the pipeline and they’re suing us for $14 billion, and I’ve already approved it, right?  I said, I just heard it. Go back to them and tell them if they don’t drop the suit immediately we are going to terminate the deal  You have great — you know, being President gives you great power, right?  So I just saw him this morning — I said, by the way, how did you do?  He said, sir, they dropped the suit. Good. Isn’t that easier — look, if I’m — do you think Hillary does that?  I don’t think so. I don’t think so. Isn’t that easier, though, than settling for like $4 billion seven years from now?  Oh, but the lawyers aren’t happy at all. They don’t like it. You got a lot of lawyers in this crowd — they’re not happy about that deal. Because of the new business climate that we’re creating, jobs are already starting to pour back in — companies like Sprint, Intel, Exxon-Mobile — where a great man, Rex Tillerson, is doing an incredible job — ran that company for many years and ran it well. Walmart, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler and General Motors have all announced that they’re keeping or adding tens of thousands of jobs right here in America. A big difference. We used to hear they’re all leaving. Now they’re all coming back. They’re coming back, too, believe me. If they don’t, we’re taxing the hell out of their products, so you know they’re coming back. Why didn’t somebody start doing that 25 years ago?  One company said, sir, we’re building a big plant — there’s nothing we can do to stop it. It’s already under construction. I said, here’s the story — when you make your cars, or whatever, and you fire all our American employees, and then you think in your new plant — beautiful new plant, congratulations — you’re going to sell that product our border, tax-free, you’re wrong — 35 percent tax. It’s amazing how quickly they say, you know, I think we’ve decided to stay in the United States. I only wonder, why didn’t somebody do this like 25 years ago?  You would have had nobody leaving. So far, I think I’m batting about 100 percent. To save taxpayer dollars, I’ve already begun negotiating better contracts for the federal government — saving over $700 million on just one set of airplanes of which there are many sets. As I promised during the campaign, I have proposed a budget that eliminates the defense sequester and fully rebuilds the United States military. We need it more than ever. We need it more than ever. We’ve got a lot of haters out there — they hate. We got some people running some countries that are bad people. We will take care of it.  We will ensure that the America warrior — and if you think about it, the great American warriors — because that’s what they are — are given the tools, the funding, the resources, the training and equipment they so richly deserve. They are warriors, and they have old equipment. They’re not going to have old equipment much longer. And we will take care of our great veterans. What’s happening there is going to be incredible. Finally, we’re going to take care of our veterans. Our defense expansion will fully pay — and this will be something that is so important — it will be fully paid by making government leaner, more accountable and just perfect for our people. But I will tell you, if it’s not fully paid — because we’re doing a big number, with the planes and the ships — our Navy is at World War I levels. Can you believe that?  World War I levels. So if we don’t fully pay, we’re going to do a little work, but we’re going to get our military rebuilt — bigger and better and stronger than ever — because we have no choice, folks. There’s some bad players out there. And it’s going to go quickly. I have also followed through on my promise to secure, protect and defend the borders of the United States — and, yes, we will build a great border wall at our Southern border. It will be built. These security actions will save billions of dollars, millions of jobs, and thousands and thousands of lives. We’re also taking decisive action to improve our vetting procedures. The courts are not helping us, I have to be honest with you. Ridiculous. Somebody said I should not criticize judges. Okay, I’ll criticize judges. To keep criminals and terrorists the hell out of our country. We are keeping these promises, and many, many more. After we repeal and replace Obamacare, our Republican majority will pass massive, historic tax reform — the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan, and potentially even bigger. It’s going to be very big. And by the way, we had to go — had no choice — had to go with the healthcare first. You know how it works. This is one room that really does know how it works. But we had to go with the healthcare first. And we’re doing well. I think we’re going to have some great surprises. I hope that it’s going to all work out. Then we immediately start on the tax cuts, and they’re going to be really fantastic, and I am looking forward to that one. That one is going to be fun. That one is going to be fun. That’s called the wheelhouse. We’re going to do a great job for companies. We’re going to bring back — could be $3 to $5 trillion from overseas, money that can’t be brought back as part of our taxes. And it will lower the business tax rate from one of the highest in the world to one of the most competitive anywhere in the world. Way, way down. We will do everything we can to lower business burdens and to make it easier for our businesses to thrive and compete. But in exchange, they must hire, invest and grow in America. We’re not giving them anything — okay?  They got to do that. That’s the one thing. We’re working with the automobile industry who have been played around with. And I’m saying, we’ll do things for you, but you got to build new plants all over the place. You got to build new plants in our country. And they’re doing it, they’re starting. It’s going to be amazing. I have called this model, the model that you’ve been watching, the model that’s created so much value, the model of bringing back jobs and bringing back industry — I called it the American Model. And this is the system that our Founders wanted. Our greatest American leaders — including George Washington, Hamilton, Jackson, Lincoln — they all agreed that for America to be a strong nation it must also be a great manufacturing nation. Have to make money. The Republican platform of 1896 — more than a century ago — stated that: “Protection and reciprocity are twin measures of American policy and go hand in hand. I mean, we have situations where other countries who have zero respect for our country — by the way, do you notice they’re starting to respect us a lot?  A lot. A lot. They’ll charge us 100 percent tax on some — 100 percent. And we charge them nothing. They’ll make it impossible through regulations for our product to be sold in their country, and yet they’ll sell their product routinely in our country. Not going to happen anymore. The word, “reciprocity” — they do it, we do it. Who can complain about that?  Big difference. You’re talking about big, big dollars, too, by the way. The platform went on to say:  “We renew and emphasize our allegiance to the policy of protection, as the bulwark of American industrial independence and the foundation of American development and prosperity. Now, these were some of our greatest leaders, some of whom were great businesspeople. They understood we have to do it. And just so you understand, I’m a free trader, but free trade has been very unfair trade. So I now say I’m a fair trader. And I want to trade all over the world. I don’t want to have it just here. But we’re going to be beneficiaries from now on. We’re not going to be the people that are taken advantage of any longer. That’s been happening for decades and decades — not going to happen any longer. And they know it. One country came in to see me recently — big country, good country, great person. One of his first questions, sir, how much will you be charging us?  It’s like he knew. He knew. He knew. They’ve been ripping us for years and he finally saw somebody that understands — so it’s one of those   You don’t mind having a rich nation again and having lower taxes, do you?  Does anybody here mind?  Anybody mind, please stand up. I know Dick Cheney will not stand on this one. Please stand up. As long as the GOP stands for “Made in the USA,” — remember in the old days, cars all said, “Made in the USA,” right?  We don’t have that too much anymore. We’re going to have it again soon. I’m telling all the car companies, put a big label, “Made in the USA” — it’s going to stand for quality.  Our party will have a very, very bright future. It is fitting that we are in the National Building Museum.Since its founding, the Republican Party has been a party of builders. Many of the great builders are in this audience tonight. Some of them I have to compete with and I really — actually, I don’t like very many of them. Some of them I do. Some of them I truly dislike a lot.But now I like everybody. I like all the great builders. See, now it’s different. Now we’re all on the same side, so I like — see the guy over there?  I couldn’t stand that guy for years. He did a good job, but I couldn’t stand him. Now I like you.Our first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, ran his first campaign for public office in 1832 — when he was only 23 years old. He began by imagining the benefits a railroad could bring to his port part of Illinois — without ever having seen a steam-powered train. He had no idea, and yet he knew what it could be. Thirty years later, as President, Lincoln signed the law that built the first Transcontinental Railroad, uniting our country from ocean to ocean. Great President. Most people don’t even know he was a Republican, right?  Does anyone know?  Lot of people don’t know that. We have to build that up a little bit more. Let’s take an ad — let’s use one of those PACs.Those PACs, you never know what the hell is going to come out of those PACs. You think they’re friendly — although the best ad I ever had was one done against me by Hillary — it was so good, I said I hope she keeps running that ad.Another great Republican President, Dwight Eisenhower, had a vision of a national infrastructure plan. As an officer in the Army after World War I, he joined a military convoy that trekked across the nation to the Pacific Coast. It traveled along the Lincoln Highway — called then the Lincoln Highway. Its journey began by the South Lawn of the White House, at a monument known today as Zero Milestone. Anybody know where that is?  The journey made a great impression on then young Eisenhower. More than three decades later, as President, he signed the bill that created our great Interstate Highway System — once again uniting us as a nation. Now is time for a new Republican administration, working with our Republican Congress, to pass the next great infrastructure bill.  Our party must dream as big and as bold as Lincoln and Eisenhower. Together, Republicans will lead America into our unbelievable future. We have so much potential. We have so much potential. I see it now even more than I saw it in this great campaign — which turned out to be a movement, a movement like the world has never seen before, actually. You know, it’s funny, I’ve said that so often, they don’t even correct me — the fake media. They never correct me, because it’s true. Oh, believe me, if it’s off by 100th of a percent, it’s like I end up getting Pinocchio’s, right?  They don’t even correct me. One of the great movements of all time. And it’s not my movement. It’s a movement of the people. It’s been something that’s really been very special. I’m like a messenger. I’m nothing more than a messenger. I’m a messenger. I did a good job as a messenger, but I’m a messenger. It’s been a lot of fun, too. Imagine the breakthroughs that will breathe fresh life into forgotten places. Picture the new roads that will carve pathways all across our land — and we need them. And think of the new inventions that will lift up the sights of our nation. Finally, as we imagine this new prosperity at home, let us also work to achieve real and enduring peace abroad. People don’t realize, I have to say, what a mess we inherited. I’m telling you, you look at North Korea. You look at the Middle East. You look all over. You look at the horrible, horrible, horrible Iran deal. I still have not been able to figure out why anybody would have signed that deal. I asked generals — I have them in my office — I say, General, please tell me why did they sign that deal. Unbelievable. But we’re going to straighten things out, folks. The best Republican Presidents have not only been warfighters, but also peacemakers. We will never hesitate to do what we must to keep us safe today, but we will always seek a more peaceful tomorrow. We will, and we will succeed. If we stand for these things — safety, prosperity and peace — then there is no limit to what we can achieve:  A future where millions are lifted from welfare to work. And they’re going to love it. They’re going to love it. They’re going to love waking up in the morning, going to work. Communities thriving with jobs and surging with commerce. Inner cities filled with new hope and new opportunity. Schools where our children can learn free from violence and free from fear. And new frontiers in science, technology and space that inspire the next generation of American youth. All of this, and so much more, is possible. Our country is great. A new national pride is stirring our souls. A new optimism is sweeping our land. A new era of American greatness is just beginning. Somewhere in America tonight, a child is born in poverty, looking up into the sky, and filling their heart with dreams — big, beautiful, bold dreams. And if we make the right choices together, then no one will ever have to tell that child that their dreams will have to wait for another day, another year, or another decade. Because the waiting now is over. The time for action is now. This is the moment when great deeds are done — and we will do those great deeds. By putting our faith in the people, and by putting our trust in God, we will rise to this occasion like no one has ever risen before. Thank you so much. Thank you. Great people, great country. Thank you so much. We will prove worthy of this moment. Anything is possible if we stand together, united and strong. Not just as Republicans — but as great and unified Americans. Join me in believing in this better and brighter future. Join me in building this reality. And join me in rededicating ourselves to the common good of this nation that we all love so much. Together, we will defend our freedoms. We will defend our people. And we will defend our great and beautiful American flag. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you, Melania, America loves our First Lady, thank you. I am thrilled to be back in the great state of Ohio right here with the incredible men and women of Youngstown. What an amazing few days it's been. On Saturday i was in Virginia with thousands of brave men and women of the United States Military. Do we love the united states military? We commissioned the newest, largest, and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of our nation, the USS Gerald R. Ford into the great American fleet. Then yesterday i was in West Virginia with almost 50,000 of our most impressive young Americans. They are young men who learned to cherish words like duty, honor, god, and country, the Boy Scouts. Then only a few hours ago the senate approved a vote to begin debating the repealing and replacing the Obamacare disaster. Finally. You think that's easy? That's not easy. We're now one step closer to liberating our citizens from this Obamacare nightmare, and delivering great health care for the American people. We're gonna do that too. And now tonight i'm back in the center of the American heartland, far away from the Washington swamp to spend time with thousands of true American patriots. We have spent the entire week celebrating with the hard working men and women who are helping us make America great again. I'm here this evening to cut through the fake news filter and to speak straight to the American people. fake news. fake, fake, fake news. Boy oh boy, people. Is there anyplace that's more fun, more exciting and safer than a Trump rally? This has been a difficult week for the media because I forced them to travel with us all around the country and spend time with tens of thousands of proud Americans who believe in defending our values, our culture, our borders, our civilization, and our great American way of life. Everyone in this arena is united by their love, and you know that. Do we know that. Everyone. United by their love for this country and their loyalty to one another, their loyalty to its people. And we want people to come into our country who can love us and cherish us and be proud of America and the American flag. We believe that schools should teach our children to have pride in our history and respect for that great American flag. We all believe in the rule of law, and we support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. Thank you. Thank you for being here. We celebrate our military and believe the American armed forces are the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world, and by the way, they're getting a lot greater fast. A lot greater. You saw our budget. we're ordering billions and billions of dollars of new ships and new planes and equipment for our great soldiers.we are building it up. There's rarely been a time where we needed the protection of our incredible military more than right now, right here, and that's what we're going to do. We believe in freedom, self-government, and individual rights. We cherish and defend -- thank you, it looks like it's in very good shape -- our Second Amendment. congratulations. Yes, our Second Amendment is very, very sound again. that would have been gonzo. It would have been gone, but i never had a doubt. We support the constitution of the United States and believe that judges should interpret the constitution as written and not make up new meaning for what they read. And finally, we believe that family and faith, not government and bureaucracy, are the foundation of our society. You've heard me say it before on the campaign trail and I'll say it again tonight. In America we don't worship government. We worship God. Tonight we're going to set aside the cynics and the critics because we know exactly why they are so angry and so bitter. Day by day, week by week we are restoring our government's allegiance to its people, to its citizens, to the people that we all love. We are keeping our promises to the people, and yes, we are putting finally, finally, finally we are putting America first. After years and years of sending our jobs and our wealth to other countries, we are finally standing up for our workers and for our companies. After spending billions of dollars defending other nations' borders, we are finally defending our borders. Don't even think about it, we will build the wall. Don't even think about it. I watched the media as they say, well, he just had some fun during the campaign on the wall. That wasn't fun, folks. We're building that wall, and walls do work and we're going to have great people come into our country, but we're not gonna to put ourselves through the problems that we've had for so many years. After decades of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally going to rebuild our nation. They're pointing to a protester. Honestly, if you don't point, nobody's even going to know he's here. Weak voice, weak voice, don't worry. Boy, he's a young one. he's going back home to mommy. Oh is he in trouble. He's in trouble. He's in trouble. And I'll bet his mommy voted for us, right? By the way, so this morning I'm watching Fox News And they had some people on, and these were democrats that voted for Trump. And they had this on. And so far if anything, they've gotten even more committed. But they had a man on this morning -- they had a man on this morning who was a Democrat his whole life. He voted as a democrat, but he voted for -- I say us, I don't say me. He voted for us in the last election 2016. And they said to him, so if the election were held now again, what would you do? And he effectively said, man, would I vote for Trump again, even faster. I watched him this morning, I said, we got to find this guy, he's just a great person. Always a Democrat, now it's gone. I'll tell you what, I rode through your beautiful roads coming up from the airport, and I was looking at some of those big once incredible job-producing factories, and my wife, Melania, said what happened? I said, those jobs have left Ohio. They're all coming back. They're all coming back. Don't move. Don't sell your house. Don't sell your house. Remember, I got a lot of credit. This is hard to believe but the press gave me a lot of credit because a number of years ago I said this is the time to buy a house during one of my speeches. I said, go out and buy, and they did this big story, Trump predicted. Let me tell you folks in Ohio and in this area, don't sell your house. Don't sell your house. Do not sell it. We're going to get those values up. We're going to get those jobs coming back, and we're going to fill up those factories or rip them down and build brand new ones. It's going to happen. We're gonna have it so that Americans can once again speak the magnificent words of Alexander Hamilton, "here the people govern." Political correctness for me is easy. Sometimes they say he doesn't act Presidential. And I say, hey look, great schools, smart guy, it's so easy to act presidential but that's not gonna to get it done. In fact, I said it's much easier, by the way, to act presidential than what we're doing here tonight, believe me. And I said -- and I said with the exception of the late great Abraham Lincoln, i can be more presidential than any President that's ever held this office. That I can tell you. It's real easy. But sadly, we have to move a little faster than that. We will never be beholden to the lobbyists or the special interests. We will never be silenced by the media. I want to protect America, and i want to protect the citizens of America. Your hopes are my hopes. Your dreams are my dreams. I've had a great successful career. I've built a great, great business. This is the only thing that matters. This is the only thing that matters. There is nothing else. Your future is what I'm fighting for each and every day. Here is just a small sample of what we have accomplished in just our first six months in office. And I'll say this and they always like to say,well, I don't know. But I think that with few exceptions no president has done anywhere near what we've done in his first six months. Not even close. But they don't let you know. They don't want to write about it. That unemployment last month hit a 16-year low. Since my election, we've added much more than 1 million jobs. Think of that. And remember I came in and some people said, don't say that. I'd say, "what do you have to lose?" I talked about the inner city, and I talked about the crime and the problems and the lack of education, and I talked to my African-American friends and I said, vote for me, what the hell do you have to lose? Do you remember that? The Hispanic, the African-American, the inner cities. So now it just came out, African-Americans and teenagers are enjoying their lowest unemployment since just after the turn of the millennium. That's pretty good, right? we've eliminated burdensome regulations at record speed and many, many more are coming off. And boy, have we put those coal miners and coal back on the map. You've seen that, haven't you? And all other forms of energy. We've achieved a historic increase in defense spending to get our troops the support they so richly deserve. We have signed new legislation to hold federal workers accountable for the care they provide to our great, great veterans. Veterans Accountability Act, they've been trying to get that done for many, many, many years, even decades. And you understand why it was tough, but we got it done. In fact, our secretary is with us tonight, David Shulkin, and we have some just incredible people here tonight, some of whom you've already met. But the job they're doing for the vets, having to do with choice, having to do with doctors, having to do with not having to wait online for days and days and days and getting sicker and sicker and sicker, where you could be taken care of immediately. Now you go out and you see a doctor. To protect American jobs and workers, I withdrew the united states from both the Trans-Pacific Partnership potential disaster and the job-killing Paris Climate Accord. Believe me. And if we don't negotiate a great deal with Mexico and Canada, we will terminate NAFTA and we'll start all over again. You remember when I was in Youngstown, I said we will either renegotiate NAFTA or we'll terminate it. So let's see what happens, but we're right now negotiating with the heads of Mexico, a good man, the President, and the Prime Minister of Canada, a good man. Let's see what happens. But we will no longer be the foolish people. We will no longer be the stupid people that get taken care of so badly by our politicians because they don't know what they're doing. We will always work with our friends and partners, but we will never again sacrifice Ohio jobs or jobs from any state in our union to enrich other countries which has been what is happening to this country. And by the way, while we're on it, the Iran deal which may be the single worst deal I've ever seen drawn by anybody, if that deal doesn't conform to what it's supposed to conform to, there's going to be big, big problems for them. That I can tell you. You're going to see that. Believe me. You would have thought when that deal was made by Secretary Kerry, maybe the worst negotiator I've ever seen, you would have thought that Iran would have said, thank you, United States. We can't believe you gave us between $100 billion and $150 billion when they were ready to fail. We can't believe you gave us $1.7 billion in cash. You know what that looks like? You would have thought they would have said, "thank you, United States, we really love you very much." Instead, they've become emboldened. That won't take place much longer. The great president from the state of Ohio, William McKinley and you know William McKinley, does anybody know who the hell he is? Do you know who he is? William McKinley understood that when America protects our workers and our industries, we open up a higher and better destiny for our people. We don't protect our people. We don't protect. Trade comes in, goods come in. I was with Harley-Davidson, a great company from Wisconsin. Who has a Harley-Davidson? A lot of you. They came to the White House and they said to me, "yeah, it's tough going outside of the United States. We're doing great in the United States but when we sell a motorcycle to certain countries, we have as much as as a 100% tax to pay." And I said, "tell me, when they sell back to us, meaning reciprocal, so when they sell back to us, what tax do we charge them?" The answer is zero. Those days are going to be over very soon. Unfortunately, like everything else, there are so many restrictions on doing what's right for our country, there's so much red tape, but don't worry, we're getting through it. The red tape, you would think we could just do it. Wouldn't you think you could say, "hey, you charge us 100%, we're going to charge you 100%?" Then either you'll get the money or you'll both drop it,right? We can't do that. We've got to go back to Congress, who other than health care today, has been made some very bad deals, okay? So we're going to start enriching our country. We're going to start bringing back our jobs, and we will be fools no longer, folks. We'll be fools no longer. Every single President on Mt. Rushmore — now here's what I do. I'd ask whether or not you think I will some day be on Mt. Rushmore, but, but here's the problem. If I did it joking, totally joking, having fun, the fake news media will say, "he believes he should be on Mt. Rushmore." So I won't say it, okay? I won't say it. But every president -- they'll say it anyway tomorrow. "Trump thinks he should be on Mt. Rushmore." Isn't that terrible? What a group. What a dishonest group of people, I'll tell you. And you know the funny thing is that you would think they'd want to see our country be great again. You would really think so. But they don't. Some day they'll explain it to me why. Every president on Mt. Rushmore believed in protecting American industry. We have to protect our industry. And now we are going to start, we are reclaiming our heritage as a manufacturing nation again. Bob Kraft, the owner of the New England patriots, I don't know if you like New England but they have a hell of a team. That's okay. But he came to the Oval Office and he brought a sheet with him that just came out. Manufacturing enthusiasm in the United States is at an all-time high. Isn't that great? To me that's so great. because we're going to bring back our jobs,bring back our wealth, and we are going to bring back our dreams, and we are going to bring back, once again our sovereignty as a nation. As a nation. Since I took office we have cut illegal immigration on our southern border by record numbers. 78%. Record, record numbers. And in fact, the ICE, folks I'll tell you what, and the border patrol police, they are phenomenal people. They're working with General Kelly. And just so you understand, we've already started fixing much of the good wall that's already there. We've already started fixing it. But we are breaking records. And it was actually told to me the other day by somebody in Mexico that's very high up, said it's incredible because their southern border is getting very little traffic. Nobody is coming anymore because they know they can't get through our southern border. So they don't even come. Never again will America surrender the security of our people, the safety of our communities or the sovereignty of our nation. We are cracking down hard on the foreign criminal gangs that have brought illegal drugs, violence, horrible bloodshed to peaceful neighborhoods all across our country. We are throwing MS-13 the hell out of here so fast. You know, we're actually -- hard to believe that we're talking about our great country. We are actually liberating towns and cities. We are liberating — people are screaming from their windows, thank you, thank you to the border patrol and to General Kelly's great people that come in and grab the thugs and throw them the hell out. We are liberating our towns and we are liberating our cities. Can you believe we have to do that? Earlier in year and immigration and customs enforcement conducted the largest single raid of transnational gangs in the history of our country. We are dismantling and destroying the bloodthirsty criminal gangs, and well, I will just tell you in, we're not doing it in a politically correct fashion. We're doing it rough. Our guys are rougher than their guys. I asked one of our great generals, "how tough are our people? How tough are they?" He said, "sir, you don't want to know about it." Then I saw one guy come out, a customs officer who is a monster. I said, "so general, you think i could take that guy in a fight?" He said, "Mr. President, sir I don't even want to think about it." I said "you're right, actually." We have tough people. Our people are tougher than their people. Our people are tougher and stronger and meaner and smarter than the gangs. One by one we are finding the illegal gang members, drug dealers, thieves, robbers, criminals and killers. And we are sending them the hell back home where they came from. And once they are gone, we will never let them back in. Believe me. The predators and criminal aliens who poison our communities with drugs and prey on innocent young people, these beautiful, beautiful,innocent young people will, will find no safe haven anywhere in our country. And you've seen the stories about some of these animals. They don't want to use guns, because it's too fast and it's not painful enough. So they'll take a young, beautiful girl, 16, 15, and others and they slice them and dice them with a knife because they want them to go through excruciating pain before they die. And these are the animals that we've been protecting for so long. Well, they're not being protected any longer,folks. And that is why my administration is launching a nationwide crackdown on sanctuary cities. American cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding Americans, for people that look up to the law, for people that respect the law, not for criminals and gang members that we want the hell out of our country. Sanctuary cities legislation has passed the house,along with Kate's Law, named for Kate Steinle, who was brutally killed by a five-time deported illegal immigrant. We are asking the Senate to vote on sanctuary cities and Kate's Law legislation. We've got to get it passed. The Trump administration has the backs of our ICE Officers, our border patrol agents. And yes, our great police officers. And we have their backs 100%. We are going to also protect them, like they protect us. This month in Chicago, there have been more than 2 homicide victims per day. What the hell is going on in Chicago? Better tell that Mayor to get tough, because it's not working what they're doing. We are going to get criminals off our streets. And we are going to make America safe again. We also strongly believe that our borders must always be closed to terrorism and extremism. We don't want radical Islamic terrorists in our country. We've seen the total devastation in Europe. And the attack from New York to Boston to San Bernardino. Exactly one year ago next month I came right here to Youngstown to deliver a major address on how my administration would protect our country from terrorism and radical Islamic terrorism. We only want to admit those into our country who share our values, who love our people and who always will love our people. We don't want people coming into our country who have bad intentions even before they start. We also believe that those seeking to immigrate into our country should be able to support themselves financially and should not be able to use welfare for themselves or the household for a period of at least five years. As we speak, we are working with two wonderful senators, Tom Cotton and David Purdue, to create a new immigration system for America. Instead of today's low-skill system, just a terrible system where anybody comes in. People that have never worked, people that are criminals, anybody comes in. We want a merit-based system. One that protects workers our workers, our taxpayers, and one that protects our economy. We want it merit-based. We want people that work really hard in their country and that are going to come into our country and work really, really hard. We don't want people that come into our country and immediately go on welfare and stay there for the rest of their lives. We're not going to do it. We are working every single day to move the legislation that serves the interests of the American people. As we discussed earlier, at the very top of the list is health care reform. With Obamacare, the Washington obstructionists, meaning Democrats, made big promising to the American people. And every single promise they made turned out to be a lie. I can have your doctor. You can have your plan. Do you remember? 28 times. You can have your doctor. You can have your plan. I know Democrats who heard that and they would have never have voted for it but they voted for it because they believed the lies of President Obama. For seven years every Republican running for office promised to repeal and replace in disastrous law. Now they must keep their promise. The Senate is working not only to repeal Obamacare but to deliver great health care for the American people. Any senator who votes against repeal and replace is telling America that they are fine with the Obamacare nightmare, and I predict they'll have a lot of problems. In West Virginia, recent premiums have gone up 169% since Obamacare went into effect. In Alaska over 200%. And the deductibles have gone through the roof. You'll never even get to use it. In Missouri, premiums have shot up 145% under Obamacare. In Pennsylvania the cost of Obamacare insurance has more than doubled, and the coverage has become horrific. It's time for Democrats to stop resisting. That's their term. Resist. Resist. They have to do, finally, what's right for the American people. But probably we'll do it ourselves. Because today we won 51 to 50 and didn't get one Democrat vote. Think of that. My administration is working every single day to heed and honor the will of the voters. That includes working on one of the biggest tax cuts in American history. And actually if I get what I want it will be the single biggest tax cut in American history. We have the highest taxes anywhere in the world, and this will really bring them down to one of the lowest. And we really have no choice. We will have growth. We will have everything that we've dreamed of having. It's time to let Americans keep more of their own money. It's time to bring new companies to our shores and to create a new era of growth, prosperity and wealth. We want millions of Americans to be lifted from welfare to work and from dependence to independence. One of the ways we will put more Americans to work is by rebuilding our nation's crumbling infrastructure. That is why I have called on legislators to pass a bill that generates $1 trillion in new infrastructure investments. We're going to fix our roads our bridges our tunnels our airports. We are going to fix all of the things that once made us great. And we are going to use American iron, American steel, American aluminum. We will buy American and will hire, finally, American. We want once again to have the best infrastructure. The best schools, the best jobs, the best factories. And we want products that proudly carry the label "made in the USA." We want this country that we love so much, America, to be strong, proud and free. Which means America must also be united. Because when America is united, America is totally unstoppable. Although I'll be totally honest with you even if it's not united we're unstoppable so don't worry. We're gonna to be unstoppable either way but it would be nice, wouldn't it? Our small differences are nothing compared to our common history, common values and common future. Wes hare one heart, one home and one glorious destiny. Now it is up to us to preserve the birth right of freedom and justice, the birth right of prosperity that our ancestors won for us with their sweat, with their sweat, with their blood, with their work, with their muscle, with their brain. They won it for us and we're gonna make it bigger and better and stronger than it ever was before. It's time to look past the old divisions. They're tired, really tired, politicians. And the stale debates of the past, and to finally come together as one nation under god. We have no choice. We cannot and never will back down. We will never, ever give up. We cannot fail. And if we remember what unites us, then I promise you we will not fail. We cannot fail. We will make America strong again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.
